[DAL] Add task to template parameters for all algos (#207)
oneapi-src/oneAPI-spec: source/elements/oneDAL/source/algorithms/nearest_neighbors/knn_classification.rst

\equiv N(x_j')`. The final prediction is computed according to the equations
:eq:`p_predict` and :eq:`y_predict`.

-------------
Usage example
-------------
Training
--------
.. onedal_code:: oneapi::dal::knn::example::run_training

Inference
---------
.. onedal_code:: oneapi::dal::knn::example::run_inference

---------------------
Programming Interface
---------------------

> All type and function in this section shall be declared in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All types and functions in this section shall be declared in the
```
